welcome to the pr dungeon it's a little
gross it's a little dirty but there's a
barbell and there's plates and that's
all we need I've never won rep max
before so I guess I'm just gonna keep
going until I can't anymore I personally
don't think Sumo is cheating but I know
a lot of people are gonna complain so
I'm going conventional so far it's more
of a workout changing the plates than
the actual deadlifting these are rubber
plates so they tend to look bigger than
they are that was just 95 pounds I'm not
really sure if I should be like resting
in between these sets or not I'm kind of
just going for it we're breaking 200 now
it's starting to feel real heavy now 235
Jesus
ah
so 235 is the max I also want to test my
squat but
there's no squat rack so if you want to
see me learn how to
clean weight up to my shoulders then
follow me stay flexy